x. semob: Support direct referencing of single feed (i.e. feedID arg is optional)
    > Requires generation of feed ID from module name
    > Also, semob doesn't count number of args properly
2. Allow feeds to specify files to be excluded from the build diff
3. Build script documentation.
x. Add deep-equal to package.json

x. Allow manifest.json to be included in build for incorporation by publisher.

x. Syntactical sugar:
    Images.resize( opts, file ) - Resize image and write to file, returning FileImages
                                  'file' can be just a boolean true, or a filename template.
        Do similar for other types.

    Images.map( items, name ) - Map images to a named property of each item in an array.
                                Array items are assumed to already have a property of that name with a value related to an image ID.
                                Allow 'name' to be a dotted reference.
                                Relevant to Files also.


7. Image filenames: There is currently a hack in ImageFile.write( ) to get a nice format filename out.
   Problem arises when generating filenames from templates, and complicated by the fact that the image.id can be a URL
   (because it's used in Images lookup to map images to source properties). When generating an image filename, would
   be more useful to have the image internal ID at this point, but it isn't currently available. One option is to
   modify the image service meta() op to include more info - i.e. internal image ID - but initial attempts at a quick
   fix in this department didn't work.

Incremental downloads:
* Nasty error when copying previous build content to new build:
    1. Content is being copied from wrong place (output/ instead of publish/)
    2. Looks to be cause of recursive error in deepcp (because to and from paths are identical?)
* Need a reliable way to detect when a full feed download needs to be done.
    - This is needed because otherwise the first time a build script is run on a system, it doesn't
      have complete data.
    - The trigger is when a previous build is not found in the db?
    - Incremental feeds then need a way to download all posts for all post types (not difficult)
* Apply changes to Semo (new)
